Added info about the optin --custom-registry (#8583)
magento/devdocs: src/_includes/cloud/cloud-docker-config-generator-cmds.md

Builds the Docker environment in [production mode][mode] by default and verifies configured service versions. | `./vendor/bin/ece-docker build:compose`
Builds the docker environment in [developer mode][mode]. | `./vendor/bin/ece-docker build:compose --mode="developer"`
Builds the docker environment in [production mode][mode]. |`.vendor/bin/ece-docker build:compose --mode="production"`

> Builds the docker environment using custom images registry. |`.vendor/bin/ece-docker build:compose --custom-registry=="my-registry.examle.com"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Builds the docker environment using the custom images registry. |`.vendor/bin/ece-docker build:compose --custom-registry=="my-registry.example.com"`
```

./vendor/bin/ece-docker build:compose --mode="developer" --php 7.2
```

> Using the `--custom-registry` options all images in the docker-compose.yaml will have the name of your custom registry, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `--custom-registry` option assigns your custom registry name to all images in the `docker-compose.yaml` file. For example:
```

```yaml
...
build:
    hostname: build.magento2.docker

>     image: 'my-registry.examle.com/magento/magento-cloud-docker-php:7.2-cli-226'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    image: 'my-registry.example.com/magento/magento-cloud-docker-php:7.2-cli-226'
```

    extends: generic
...
```

{:.bs-callout-warning}

> Yor registry must have all needed images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your registry must include all referenced images.
```
